Machine Learning Foundations Quiz

1. 

Machine Learning techniques are best described and able to answer the following type of question:

Diagnostic: Why did it happen?

Predictive: What will happen?

Descriptive: What happened?

2. 

What is data mining?

Combination of query processing and business intelligence analysis to discover hidden insight in data.

Combination of data warehousing and expert systems to discover hidden insight in data.

try Combination of artificial intelligence and statistical analysis to discover hidden insight in data.

Combination of database and statistical analysis to discover hidden insight in data.

3. 

Data mining is a multidisciplinary field

try Yes

No

4. 

Data Mining roots trace back along which 3 main disciplines?

Classical Statistics, Database Technologies, Machine Learning

Classical Statistics, Expert systems, Machine Learning

try Classical Statistics, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning

Classical Statistics, Artificial Intelligence, BI tools

5. 

The main difference between supervised and unsupervised learning is:

try Supervised learning expects training data set with a labeled class value

Unupervised learning expects training data set with a labeled class value

6. 

Unsupervised Learning has no a priori knowledge of the target class value

try True

False

7. 

Classification and prediction are typically considered

Unsupervised Learning

try Supervised Learning

8. 

Validation and test data are 2 sets of independent instances that have not been used in formation of classifier in any way.

False

try True

9. 

Ten-fold cross validation is one of the most commonly used evaluation techniques. The standard technique for estimating the model error rate given a fixed sample of data involves which of the following?

Splitting the data into 2/3 for training and 1/3 for testing and repeats that process 10 times

Splitting the data into 5 disjoint subsets of data; train on 4 and test on the fifth one

try Partitioning data into 10 disjoint fixed samples of data. Each part is held out in turn and the learning scheme trained on the remaining nine-tenth. The process is repeated 10 times.

Randomly sampling the test data set with replacement

10. 

What is considered overfitting of the machine learning model?

When a machine learning algorithm cannot capture the underlying patterns of the data

try When a model describes random error or noise instead of learning the underlying general data patterns

When a model is too simple

When the model predicts really well on the future unseen data