Intro to Big Data: Quiz 
Intro to Hadoop

1. 
What does IaaS provide?

(ANSWER)Hardware Only

Computing Environment

Software On-Demand

2. 
What does PaaS provide?

Hardware Only

(ANSWER)Computing Environment

Software On-Demand

3. 
What does SaaS provide?

Computing Environment

Hardware Only

(ANSWER)Software On-Demand

4. 
What are the two key components of HDFS and what are they used for?

NameNode for block storage and Data Node for metadata.

(ANSWER)NameNode for metadata and DataNode for block storage.

FASTA for genome sequence and Rasters for geospatial data.

5. 
What is the job of the NameNode?

(ANSWER)Coordinate operations and assigns tasks to Data Nodes

Listens from DataNode for block creation, deletion, and replication.

For gene sequencing calculations.


6. 
What are the three steps to Map Reduce?

Shuffle and Sort -> Map -> Reduce

(ANSWER)Map -> Shuffle and Sort -> Reduce

Map -> Reduce -> Shuffle and Sort

Shuffle and Sort -> Reduce -> Map

7. 
What is a benefit of using pre-built Hadoop images?

(ANSWER)Quick prototyping, deploying, and validating of projects.

Less software choices to choose from.

Quick prototyping, deploying, and guaranteed bug free.

Guaranteed hardware support.

8. 
What is an example of open-source tools built for Hadoop and what does it do?

Giraph, for SQL-like queries.

Pig, for real-time and in-memory processing of big data.

Zookeeper, analyze social graphs.

(ANSWER)Giraph, for processing large-scale graphs.


9. 
What is the difference between low level interfaces and high level interfaces?

(ANSWER)Low level deals with storage and scheduling while high level deals with interactivity.

Low level deals with interactivity while high level deals with storage and scheduling.

10. 
What is NOT a problem to look out for when you want to integrate your project with Hadoop?

(NOT)Infrastructure Replacement

Advanced Alogrithms

Random Data Access

Task Level Parallelism

Data Level Parallelism

11. 
What is NOT a major goal of Hadoop as covered in the slides?

Optimized for a Variety of Data Types

Handle Fault Tolerance

Facilitate a Shared Environment

Provide Value for Data

Enable Scalability

(ANSWER)Latency Sensitive Taks

12. 
What is the purpose of YARN?

(ANSWER)Allows various applications to run on the same Hadoop cluster.

Enables large scale data across clusters.

Implementation of Map Reduce.

13. 
What are the two main components for a data computation framework that were described in the slides?

Applications Master and Container

Resource Manager and Container

Node Manager and Container

(ANSWER)Resource Manager and Node Manager

Node Manager and Applications Master

