Intro to Big Data: Quiz 
Why Big Data and Where Did it Come From?

1. 
Which of the following is an example of big data utilized in action today?

The Internet

(answer) Social Media

Wi-Fi Networks

Individual, Unconnected Hospital Databases


2. 
What reasoning was given for why the data storage to price ratio is relevant to big data?

(NOT) Companies can't afford to own, maintain, and spend the energy to support large data storage unless the cost is sufficiently low.

(ANSWER) Access of larger storage becomes easier for everyone, which means client-facing services require very large data storage.

It isn't, it was just an arbitrary example on big data usage.

Larger storage means easier accessibility to big data for every user because it allows users to download in bulk.

3. 
What is the best description of personalized marketing enabled by big data?

(ANSWER) Being able to use the data from each customer for marketing needs.

Being able to obtain and use customer information for specific groups and utilize them for marketing needs.

(NOT) Marketing to each customer on an individual level and suiting to their needs.

4. 
Of the following, which are some examples of personalized marketing realted with big data?

(ANSWER) Google ordering ads to show items based on recent and past search results.

A survey that asks your age and markets to you a specific brand.

News outlets gathering information from the internet in order to report them to the public.

5. 
What is the workflow for working with big data?

Theory -> Models -> Precise Advice

(ANSWER) Big Data -> Better Models -> Higher Precision

Extrapolation -> Understanding -> Reproducing

6. 
Which is the most compelling reason why mobile advertising is related to big data?

Mobile advertising allows massive cellular/mobile texting to a wide audience, thus providing large amounts of data.

Mobile advertising in and of itself is always associated with big data.

(ANSWER) Mobile advertising benefits from data integration with location which requires big data.

(NOT) Since almost everyone owns a cell/mobile phone, the mobile advertising market is large and thus requires big data to contain all the information.

7. 
What are the three types of diverse data sources?

Information Networks, Map Data, and People

Sensor Data, Organizational Data, and Social Media

Machine Data, Map Data, and Social Media

(ANSWER) Machine Data, Organizational Data, and People

8. 
What is an example of machine data?

(ANSWER) Weather station sensor output.

Sorted data from Amazon regarding customer info.

Social Media

9. 
What is an example of organizational data?

Satellite Data

Social Media

(ANSWER) Disease data from Center for Disease Control.

10. 
Of the three data sources, which is the hardest to implement and streamline into a model?

Machine Data

(ANSWER) People

Organizational Data

11. 
Which of the following summarizes the process of using data streams?

(ANSWER) Integration -> Personalization -> Precision

(NOT) Big Data -> Better Models -> Higher Precision

Theory -> Models -> Precise Advice

Extrapolation -> Understanding -> Reproducing

12. 
Where does the real value of big data often come from?

Size of the data.

(ANSWER) Combining streams of data and analyzing them for new insights.

Using the three major data sources: Machines, People, and Organizations.

(NOT) Having data-enabled decisions and actions from the insights of new data.

13. 
What does it mean for a device to be "smart"?

(ANSWER) Collect data and services autonomously.

(NOT) Having a specific processing speed in order to keep up with the strain of data processing.

(NOT) Must have a way to interact with the user.

14. 
What does the term "in situ" mean in the context of big data?

In the situation

Accelerometers.

The sensors used in airplanes to measure altitude.

(ANSWER) Bringing the computation to the location of the data.

15. 
Which of the following are NOT the reasons mentioned for why data generated by people are hard to process?

(ANSWER) They cannot be modeled and stored.

Skilled people to analyze the data are hard to come by.

The velocity of the data is very high.

Very unstructured data.

16. 
What is the purpose of retrieval and storage; pre-processing; and analysis in order to convert multiple data sources into valuable data?

Since the multi-layered process is built into the Neo4j database connection.

Designed to work like the ETL process.

To enable ETL methods.

(ANSWER) To allow scalable analytical solutions to big data.

17. 
Which of the following are NOT the benefits for organization generated data?

Better Profit Margins

(ANSWER) High Velocity

Customer Satisfaction

Improved Safety

Higher Sales

18. 
What are data silos and why is it bad?

A giant centralized database to house all the data produces within an organization. Bad because it is hard to maintain as highly structured data.

(ANSWER) Data produced from an organization that is spread out. Bad because it creates unsynchronized and invisible data.

A giant centralized database to house all the data production within an organization. Bad because it hinders opportunity for data generation.

Highly unstructured data. Bad because it does not provide meaningful results for organizations.

19. 
Which of the following are NOT benefits of data integration?

Monitoring of data.

Increase data availability.

(NOT) Reduce data complexity.

Unify your data system.

Increase data collaboration.

Adds value to big data.
